in the ranks of the United Nations
secret unit his identity is unknown his
missions classified I don't believe
we've met we still haven't sir but now
ambassador Jensi would you'll have to
fight his way out of a war the
Ambassador has been murdered he never
started
how many Joker's you think we smashed
but then along 76th Street with a
nine-millimeter including me the UN is
running a secret unit that assassinated
the Chinese ambassador who is this man I
told them I saw someone else running
from the room it's not him someone on
the inside wants me dead how does it
feel to be a puppet without the strings
the FBI's withholding the identity the
assassin who fled activity last night in
a daring escape America's Most Wanted
what the man of the hour